yes telepathic as lightning my mind I'm
a mega side has no compunction about
killing killing killing me
brand-new face
why I come from a dirt track background
so you know sliding around on the dirt
was natural to me and I got on the
pavement on my supermoto bike and just
felt the consistency of the pavement and
just loved it it was like you could
slide it wherever you wanted it be the
same you know it's not like it's a blue
groove here and then it's loose dirt out
here so
I mean a lot of guys back it in it's you
know some guys put their foot out I just
I just like having the knee down I saw
Nicky Hayden do it years ago on a video
and and ever since then I I had to
master it and and now I have fun with it
you know it's not the fastest way around
the track to get super sideways but I
don't recommend that everybody goes out
and tries to do it but I plan on trying
to teach some of these guys on the sport
bikes too to get on the super Moto's and
try it out
but basically what I do to back it in is
it's a number of things it's engine
braking it's back brake front brake
you know lean angle entry speed so you
know for me to set up I carry a lot of
speed coming up into the corner and when
I go to my brake marker I pull on the
clutch
I bang my down just really click quick
and then I start to release the clutch
and I hit the rear brake and the front
brake and I the front brake helps it
load the front and kind of step out the
back and once I get that consistent
slide and the engine braking is right
you know you're the right gear
I just modulate it with the front and
front brake and back brake
selling this muscleman Honda circuit
back in two thousand five or six and
it's it's amazing they got half a
million dollar light system we can run
at night until you know 12:00 or 1:00 at
night sometimes to hang out barbecue and
and made a bunch of friends and with
Bill Russell who's got the sport bike
program running here me and him started
a clinic Jake hold and riders clinic and
it's more towards the the beginner level
riders but even advanced riders can come
and and you know basically we break down
the track and show them the right lines
and I mean stuff that you can take from
from track to track and it'll help you
excel you know at any any track any
level rider it's actually broadening
having a little bit of business to you
know him coming out here and working
with my riders clinic and doing
suspension seminars it's been a win-win
for everybody and ever since Jake has
been out here they've been pretty
helpful to a lot of people that come out
for the sport bike program and others
around Tucson that have heard of them
through the a sport bike program we do
here with Jake
and that that's a good program as far as
it really helps out to local guys to be
able to work with Jake and with one of
us either feel that I do in bike setup
learning how the pros really ride what
he looks for to set up his bike you know
I think that'll be very valuable for a
lot of our customers a lot of guys for
club race and even track day riders and
sweetener is like yeah the muscleman
Honda start that will be more geared
towards the street riders as far as just
to come out in a controlled environment
and really learn how to control your
bike you know might be good at riding it
so when someone does cut you off in
traffic you're able to recover from it
and not just crash you know like it the
skills will help you that's something
else fun we're doing and it's just it's
a good time and it's good for our
customers good for our shop like there's
something fun for everyone to do locally